wait_time improvements for real time booking (#15)
GOFS-lite/GOFS-lite: reference.md

### wait_times.json

> This dynamic query provides wait time for specific location. To provide wait times to consumers, either this method or `wait_times.json` method can be used. `wait_time` allows more precise queries but requires a call on every interaction by users.

Reviewer: To clarify - this PR does _not_ intend to change the (quasi) static nature of the `wait_times.json` file, correct? I'm not sure I understand the intention behind changing the description here

Reviewer 2: Sorry, this was a typo. No changes to wait_times.json.

Author: This part has been reverted

### wait_time

> This dynamic query provides real time wait times for a specific location. To provide wait times to consumers, either this method or `wait_times.json` method can be used. `wait_time` allows more precise queries but requires a call on every interaction by users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dynamic query provides real-time wait times for a specific location. To provide wait times to consumers, either this method or `wait_times.json` method can be used. `wait_time` allows more precise queries but requires a call on every interaction by users.
```

Reviewer 2: Ok

> The request must be a POST request (for security reasons) and the body use a JSON format. Here are the following attributes.

Reviewer: Not opposed to this, myself.

**Pros:**
- reduces the chance of PII being logged on anybody's systems

**Cons:**
- breaking change

```suggestion
The request must be sent as a POST request and the body must use a JSON format with the following attributes.
```

Reviewer 2: Are we the first client to use wait_time?
If so, breaking change is not an issue. Otherwise, the proposition would be to mark GET wait_time as obsolete and to recommand using POST wait_time instead to reduces the chance of PII being logged on anybody's systems.

Field Name | Presence | Type | Description
---|---|---|---
`pickup_lat` | REQUIRED | Latitude | Latitude of the location where the user will be picked-up.
`pickup_lon` | REQUIRED | Longitude | Longitude of the location where the user will be picked-up.
`drop_off_lat` | Conditionally REQUIRED | Latitude | Latitude of the location where the user will be dropped off. Required if `drop_off_lon` is provided. FORBIDDEN otherwise.
`drop_off_lon` | Conditionally REQUIRED | Longitude | Longitude of the location where the user will be dropped off. Required if `drop_off_lat` is provided. FORBIDDEN otherwise.

> `brand_id` | REQUIRED | Array | Array of service brand Ids defined in `service_brands.json`. Used to filter out the results the wait time is requested for. At least one service brand Id must be provided.

Reviewer: Curious as to the thought process here. Specifically, what is the intention behind enforcing at least one service brand ID?

Reviewer 2: Changing from a single brand_id to an array of brand_id avoid making multiple chatty http calls. For example, it allows for requesting for ["taxi-registry-standard","taxi-registry-minivan","taxi-registry-special-need"] in one request. 

Enforcing at least on service brand ID, ask the person who consumes the api to specifies the brand_id that are required instead of asking for all brand_id by default.

Reviewer: The switch to an array makes sense to me!

-&nbsp;\-&nbsp; `service_name` | OPTIONAL | String | If the service name needs to change due to real time booking changes, `service_name` can be provided to update the name of the on-demand service system to be displayed to the riders.
-&nbsp;\-&nbsp; `android_url` | Conditionally REQUIRED | URL | Android App Links that can open the booking app on Android. At least of one `android_url`, `ios_url`, `web_url`, or `phone_number` needs to be provided.
-&nbsp;\-&nbsp; `ios_url` | Conditionally REQUIRED | URL | iOS Universal Links that can open the booking app on iOS. At least of one `android_url`, `ios_url`, `web_url`, or `phone_number` needs to be provided.
-&nbsp;\-&nbsp; `web_url` | Conditionally REQUIRED | URL | Web url to browse to in order to make the booking request. At least of one `android_url`, `ios_url`, `web_url`, or `phone_number` needs to be provided.
-&nbsp;\-&nbsp; `phone_number` | Conditionally REQUIRED | Phone Number | Phone number to call to make the booking request. At least of one `android_url`, `ios_url`, `web_url`, or `phone_number` needs to be provided.

##### Examples:

###### Query:

POST `https://www.example.com/gofs/1/en/wait_time`

```jsonc

> {
>   "pickup_lat": 45.60,
>   "pickup_lon": -73.30,
> }

Reviewer: The example doesn't conform to the proposed changes (missing required `brand_id`)
```suggestion
{
  "pickup_lat": 45.60,
  "pickup_lon": -73.30,
  "brand_id": ["regular_ride", "large_ride", "shared_ride"],
}
```

Author: updated

      {
        "brand_id": "large_ride",
        "wait_time": 600
      },
      {
        "brand_id": "shared_ride",
        "wait_time": 450

>       }

Reviewer: Same as above - this example should be updated to use `estimated_wait_time`

Author: updated

Field Name | Presence | Type | Description
---|---|---|---
`pickup_lat` | REQUIRED | Latitude | Latitude of the location where the user will be picked-up.
`pickup_lon` | REQUIRED | Longitude | Longitude of the location where the user will be picked-up.
`drop_off_lat` | Conditionally REQUIRED | Latitude | Latitude of the location where the user will be dropped off. Required if `drop_off_lon` is provided. FORBIDDEN otherwise.
`drop_off_lon` | Conditionally REQUIRED | Longitude | Longitude of the location where the user will be dropped off. Required if `drop_off_lat` is provided. FORBIDDEN otherwise.

> `brand_id` | Conditionally REQUIRED | ID |  Array | Array of service brand Ids defined in `service_brands.json`. REQUIRED if more than one service brand is available.  

Reviewer 2: @E-Baird @gcamp 
You mentionned you want brand_id as optionnal, but the original spec stated "REQUIRED if more than one service brand is available.", so I left it as is. I will let Transit change the original spec.

Reviewer: Good catch. I'll discuss with people on our side and if we need to change this, we can do it later in another PR. It shouldn't affect Taxi MTL as we will make sure to always send you a value here.

###### Query: 

> `https://www.example.com/gofs/1/en/wait_time?pickup_lat=45.60&pickup_lon=-73.30&brand_id=regular_ride&brand_id=large_ride`

Reviewer 2: @E-Baird 
Are you ok with the encoding of array in query string?

Reviewer: I would prefer comma-separated values:

eg: `brand_id=regular_ride,large_ride`

Reviewer 2: Ok, see my last commit.

  }
}
```

> ### realtime_booking

Reviewer: Also not strictly opposed, again just curious as to the reasoning here. What are the value adds that you see in collapsing `wait_time` and `realtime_booking`? 

Potential downside: this will lump a _lot_ of only-kinda-sorta-related data into the `wait_time` object. In turn, maybe if we do this we should rename `wait_time` to something more generic? 

Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: estimated_wait_time, estimated_travel_time, estimated_travel_cost and estimated_travel_cost_currency are cohesive, I cannot think of a benefit to make separate http calls for this data.

The attribute booking_detail is required to support operator aggregator (ex: Montreal Taxi Registry) where estimated_wait_time and booking_detail change depending on the dispatched operator.

Equity between operators is guaranteed by always promoting the operator with the closest taxi to the customer in real time.

```

### realtime_booking

> This dynamic query provides time/cost estimates and realtime_booking information for specific location. 

Reviewer: Just added some extra description to make it clear why `realtime_booking` and `wait_time` both exist.

```suggestion
This dynamic query provides time/cost estimates and realtime_booking information for specific location. It can be used in situations where a provider expects to have more fine-grained or accurate booking information for a given trip, compared to what is available via other endpoints.

For example, a provider may be able to give more accurate pricing information for a specific trip, compared to the broader rules-based pricing information available from `fares.json`.
```
